README.md, before:

# Project: Madlibs

#### _Old-fashioned Madlibs, version 1.0, current as of 5.24.2016._

#### By _**Anthony C. Gold**_

## Description

This is some introductory noodling in PHP. It will create a website that takes information from a user and makes a Madlib.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Install PHP if you don't have a Mac: [Windows instructions;](https://www.learnhowtoprogram.com/php/getting-started-with-php/installing-php-4b2cf877-24e6-469a-89cb-68032e96da3a) [Ubuntu instructions](https://www.atlantic.net/community/howto/install-linux-apache-mysql-php-lamp-stack-on-ubuntu-16-04/)_
* _[Clone the repository](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/)_
* _Start the web server in terminal: php -S localhost:8000_
* _Navigate to the page: [http://localhost:8000/businesscard_form.html](http://localhost:8000/businesscard_form.html)_
* _Profit!_

## Known Bugs

_Ignorance is bliss (None)._

## Support and contact details

Questions? Concerns? Sympathy? Sushi? Email: agold-at-anthonygoldlaw.com

## Technologies Used

The program uses PHP.

### License

*Released under the MIT license.*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Anthony C. Gold_**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

make a form that lets the user decide what string they want repeated and how many times

README.md, after:

# Project: Repeater

#### _Make a form that lets the user decide what string they want repeated and how many times, version 1.0, current as of 5.24.2016._

#### By _**Anthony C. Gold**_

## Description

This is some introductory noodling in PHP. It will make a form that lets the user decide what string they want repeated and how many times.

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Install PHP if you don't have a Mac: [Windows instructions;](https://www.learnhowtoprogram.com/php/getting-started-with-php/installing-php-4b2cf877-24e6-469a-89cb-68032e96da3a) [Ubuntu instructions](https://www.atlantic.net/community/howto/install-linux-apache-mysql-php-lamp-stack-on-ubuntu-16-04/)_
* _[Clone the repository](https://help.github.com/articles/cloning-a-repository/)_
* _Start the web server in terminal: php -S localhost:8000_
* _Navigate to the page: [http://localhost:8000/businesscard_form.html](http://localhost:8000/businesscard_form.html)_
* _Profit!_

## Known Bugs

_Ignorance is bliss (None)._

## Support and contact details

Questions? Concerns? Sympathy? Sushi? Email: agold-at-anthonygoldlaw.com

## Technologies Used

The program uses PHP.

### License

*Released under the MIT license.*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Anthony C. Gold_**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
